[TASK] Overhaul docs (#1629)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Reference-Typoscript: Documentation/Functions/Stdwrap.rst

        :name: stdwrap-date
        :type: :ref:`data-type-date-conf` / :ref:`stdWrap`

>         The content should be the "UNIX-time" data-type .Returns content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        The content should be the an integer representing the UNIX time (second since 1.1.1970). Returns content
```
